my name is Yvonne pavlova nom I'm
Russian now live in Stockholm for the
last 13 years and in the past 10 years I
had been releasing records under the
name son Phyllis CH which is a Russian
name for sleep inspiration you find in
everyday life I'm sure lot of sound that
he around myself contribute somehow to
the way I i make my son so hard to say
it's essentially it's a probably that
the way you leave that crunchy buttes to
the way you feel inspired one of the
important things for me to work
efficiently is to be under stress when
I'm when I'm relaxed I cannot really
produce anything that I like the stress
is one of my sources of inspiration to
my ears are tired from this
stereotypical sound I mean I need most
of the music with a computer said and
now computer sound is becoming the same
kind of cliche it's a lot of computer
music which sounds very similar and very
much the same
so I like I always tried to do is to
find a way to create new sound which is
both fresh and organic has a certain
emotional content not just a shape
because a lot of people doing out what
is called sound design or sound
something I don't know what they call
them so they actually do design but I'd
like to still be a musician and to be
able to make music so when I make music
I always start with one single sound but
within this sound like in the grain I
find all holding material that I need to
feel the piece of music out in a way
this is a music grow out of one single
sound naturally and that's how these are
music builds itself I just help it so
yeah this is how I make vision I like to
refer to my work is possible if if it's
post pub that's means something days on
pop it I is it either becomes successful
or not if it becomes a successful that
is pop again it's not no longer
postponed if it's unsuccessful it cannot
be called post pop because pop is
something that should be successful
most of it is quite rhythmical and a
little lyrical in a little comical I say
postponed but maybe it's not and it's
just a joke it's a computer-generated
music from my soul no no no no no no I
never do commercial work and he's a
musician I have a job a proper job
daytime job and that's where I make my
money from and then have any commercial
profit made for music
I would go for everything that that that
gives me the sound that will make me
happy why I like it is exactly the fact
that in computer everything is possible
so it's a city but my my balance soy
sauce if you open it you cannot wrap it
again it's a one-time package you have
to destroy the package to listen to the
record the message that it should be
more than than the package in every
record the only thing that matters is is
the dry you have inside you it doesn't
matter what he is and how you do what
kind of problems you have if you have
music inside you you will you will be
making I think so I hope there's more
music in the world is that a good
message bye bye